Fix outdated `web_accessible_resources` (#821)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/intro/mv3-migration/index.md

{% endColumns %}

{% Aside %}
The `extension_ids`, and `use_dynamic_url` keys are not available
yet. Support for these properties will be coming in a future release.
{% endAside %}

Previously, the list of web accessible resources applied to all websites and
extensions, which created opportunities for fingerprinting or unintentional
resource access. The updated API lets extensions more tightly control what

> other sites or extensions can access extension resources. You must specify
> a value for `matches` in order for the manifest to be valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other sites or extensions can access extension resources. See the [web 
accessible resources](/docs/extensions/mv3/manifest/web_accessible_resources/)
documentation for usage information.
```

Rather than include usage information here, we should defer to the canonical documentation for this capability.
